
Welcome, normal person.
How to play: rules and scoring
Game background:

You're a normal person.

Problem: someone in your friends group is secretly Kenneth.

Your full gang has been brought in. You must question each other to discover who is Kenneth in disguise.
What you need to play:

    At least 3 people (recommended max is 10, but you do you).
    All in same room.

Game objectives:

    Kenneth: try to guess the round's location. Infer from others' questions and answers.
    Other players (normal people): figure out who Kenneth in disguise is.

Gameplay flow:

    Round length: 1-20 minutes. Shorter for smaller groups, longer for larger.
    The location: round starts, each player is given a location. The location is the same for all players (e.g., Donken) except for one player, who is randomly given the "Kenneth" card. Kenneth does not know the round's location.
    Questioning: the game leader (Player 1) begins by questioning another player about the location. Example: ("is this a place where children are welcome?").
    Answering: the questioned player must answer. No follow up questions allowed. After they answer, it's then their turn to ask someone else a question. This continues until round is over.
    No retaliation questions: if someone asked you a question for their turn, you cannot then immediately ask them a question back for your turn. You must choose someone else.

Players guessing Kenneth:

    Putting up for vote: at any time, a player can try to indict a suspected Kenneth by putting that suspect up for vote. They must say "I'd like to put (player x) up for vote." Then go one by one clockwise around the circle, and each player much cast their vote if they're in agreement to indict.
    Vote must be unanimous to indict: the vote must be unanimous to indict the suspect: if any player votes no, the round continues as it was. Each person can only put a suspect up for vote once per round. Use it wisely!
    Kenneth is indicted: if a player is indicted, they must reveal whether or not they are Kenneth and the round ends.

Kenneth guessing the location:

    Kenneth guesses: at any time, Kenneth can reveal that they are Kenneth and make a guess at what the location is. The round immediately ends.

Round ends when:

    Indictment: group successfully indicts a player after voting OR
    Kenneth guesses: Kenneth stops the round to make a guess about the location OR
    No time left: clock runs out

Scoring and who wins:
Kenneth Victory

    Kenneth earns 2 points if no one is successfully indicted of being Kenneth
    Kenneth earns 4 points if a normal person (player) is successfully indicted of being Kenneth
    Kenneth earns 4 points if Kenneth stops the game and successfully guesses the location

Non-Kenneth Victory

    Each normal person (player) earns 1 point
    The player who initiated the successful indictment of Kenneth earns 2 points instead

Running total:

    You can play for as many rounds as you'd like.